# Intro to React & WASM using Rust
## What is this?
This is the source reference to [this article](https://medium.com/@aneeshsaripalli) on Medium.<br/><br/>
The source should ideally help clear up some confusions if you're following along with the article and get stuck. I try to make the articles relatively clear, so please let me know either in the comments or at my [email](mailto:aneeshsaripalli+medium@gmail.com) if something isn't evident. 

## Organization
- The [/react-client](/react-client) directory is the root folder for the React front-end client. This is what invokes the Webassembly modules we build. The easiest places to mess up are the [package.json](/react-client/package.json) and [webpack.config.js](/react-client/config/webpack.config.js) files. Please pay close attention to those when following along.
- The [/wasm](/wasm) directory is the root folder for our Rust source that'll compile into WASM. The easiest places to mess up are in the [src/lib.rs](/wasm/src/lib.rs) and [Cargo.toml](/wasm/Cargo.toml) files. Watch the indention and spelling on some of the macros and depedencies. Ensure the spacing is exact in the `Cargo.toml` file.
- The [/wasm-build](/wasm-build) directory is a generated source directory, and conventionally shouldn't be commited or pushed to Github. Use it if you want to skip the Rust part (I assure you it's simple enough to follow along) and skip directly to linking between React and Webassembly. You shouldn't have to make any manual changes to this directory because it's all generated by the [BUILD](/wasm/BUILD) file.  